
First I used to study computer science. Then I worked as a database
administrator and chief programmer for Infineon Technologies for six
years. I worked for Fiber Optics division. Here I get used to work in
a international team of professionals and created about dozen programs
for manufacturing Our products.  I also work as a database
administrator for mission critical databases used for storing hundreds
gigabytes of measurement data. I did analysis computer and network
administration. Finally I was responsible for team of programmer and
technicians. After six years when the company was sold to Finisar
Corporation I used that opportunity to change my field of interest to
something more elegant and beautiful. Astrophysics.

During studies I have attended courses beyond standard
curriculum. More math, physics and programming, Latex and UN*X. On the
other side marks were never my priority.

My Bachelor's thesis focused on data mining and massive data
processing. Using classification algorithms I tried to find new BL Lac
objects based on spectral characteristics in the Sloan Digital Survey
data warehouse.

In the master program I have concentrate on Virtual Observatory and
related technologies. I have attended AIDA VO School at Strasbourg. I
also participated in the Summer Students 2010 program at CERN. Here I
was working on CLIC (Compact Linear Collieder) project. This will be
the next generation linear collider. During these three months I also
attended dozens courses from particle physics, statistics, cosmology,
etc. It was the most productive and interesting summer of my life.

All my professional life I'm trying to unite the world of physics and
computers. Intelligent usage of computers, I believe, is crucial in the
modern astrophysics and not only because we are currently facing data
avalanche. Such symbiosis can led to better understanding Universe and
nature.

I used to work abroad (Germany, USA, Malaysia). My interest are AGN,
Theoretical physics, sports and culture. I'm ready for new challenges
and opportunities.

--------------

 
Before Astrophysics I used to study computer science. Then I worked as
a database administrator and the chief programmer for Infineon
Technologies. I worked for Fiber Optics division. I wrote about dozen
of programs for manufacturing optical transievers. I also work as a
database administrator and network administrator. After six years when
the company was sold to Finisar Corporation I used that opportunity to
change my field of interest to something more elegant and interesting.

During studies I have attended many courses beyond standard
curriculum. More maths, physics and programming, Latex and UN*X.

My Bachelors thesis focused on data mining and massive data
processing. Using classification algorithms I tried to find new BL Lac
candidates based on spectral characteristics in the Sloan Digital Survey.

During my Master studies I am focusing on Virtual Observatory and
related technologies. I attended AIDA VO School at Strasbourg. I also
participated in the Summer Students 2010 program at CERN. Here I
worked on CLIC (Compact Linear Collieder) project. During these three
months I also attended dozens of courses on particle physics,
statistics, cosmology, etc. It was the most productive and interesting
summer of my life.

I used to work abroad (Germany, USA, Malaysia). My interests are
Computer Science and Theoretical Physics.

All my professional life I have been trying to unite the world of
physics and computers. Intelligent usage of computers, I believe, is
crucial in the modern astrophysics and not only because we are
currently facing data avalanche. Such symbiosis can led to better
understanding of the Universe.



 


